Updated instructions on configuring KnativeKafka (#27930)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-install-kafka-odc.adoc

. In the *Administrator* perspective, navigate to *Operators* → *Installed Operators*.
. Check that the *Project* dropdown at the top of the page is set to *Project: knative-eventing*.
. In the list of *Provided APIs* for the {ServerlessOperatorName}, find the *Knative Kafka* box and click *Create Instance*.
. Configure the *KnativeKafka* object in the *Create Knative Kafka* page.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> To use the Kafka channel or Kafka source on your cluster, you must toggle the *Enable* switch for the options you want to use to *true*. These switches are set to *false* by default.

Reviewer: yep

> To use the Kafka channel or Kafka source on your cluster, you must toggle the *Enable* switch for the options you want to use to *true*. These switches are set to *false* by default.

Reviewer 2: If we point to the need of enabling the channel/source , we should probably also point out the requirement of setting a valid `bootstrapServers` for enabling Kafka channel.

Author: Added the Bootstrap Servers requirement to this paragraph.

> To use the Kafka channel or Kafka source on your cluster, you must toggle the *Enable* switch for the options you want to use to *true*. These switches are set to *false* by default. Additionally, to use the Kafka channel, you need to specify the Boostrap Servers.

Reviewer 3: you need to -> you must

. In the *Administrator* perspective, navigate to *Operators* → *Installed Operators*.
. Check that the *Project* dropdown at the top of the page is set to *Project: knative-eventing*.
. In the list of *Provided APIs* for the {ServerlessOperatorName}, find the *Knative Kafka* box and click *Create Instance*.

> . Configure the *KnativeKafka* object in the *Create Knative Kafka* page. To successfully install *KnativeKafka*, you need to at least specify the bootstrap servers and enable installation of KafkaChannel and KafkaSource. You can use either the default form provided or edit the YAML.

Reviewer: NIT: perhaps I read this wrong.  but to be clear: the `bootstrap servers` is something that only applies to the `KafkaChannel` 

If a user installs "just" the source, she does not need to enter the bootstrap severs field

Reviewer 4: Do we need to maybe add two modules after the initial install, e.g. delete "To successfully install *KnativeKafka*, you need to at least specify the bootstrap servers and enable installation of KafkaChannel and KafkaSource. You can use either the default form provided or edit the YAML." here, and instead make sure there's a setup module for the source and the channel separately?

Reviewer 4: Or alternatively if there are assemblies for those, add links after this module in the assembly for next steps to set up the channel and source?

Author: Resolved via Ashleigh's suggestion.

> . Configure the *KnativeKafka* object in the *Create Knative Kafka* page. To successfully install *KnativeKafka*, you need to at least specify the bootstrap servers and enable installation of KafkaChannel and KafkaSource. You can use either the default form provided or edit the YAML.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Configure the *KnativeKafka* object in the *Create Knative Kafka* page.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
To use the Kafka channel or Kafka source on your cluster, you must toggle the *Enable* switch for the options you want to use to *true*. These switches are set to *false* by default.
====
```

Is this better @matzew ? I think it should also take care of https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVKE-708 if we just mention enabling the source and channel here and discuss the bootstrap part in the docs for the source or channel themselves.

The bootstrap part is covered for the source but not the channel at the minute in the docs:

- Source: https://srvls-kafka-setup-updates--ocpdocs.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/serverless/event_sources/serverless-kafka-source.html#serverless-kafka-source-odc_serverless-kafka-source
- Channel: https://srvls-kafka-setup-updates--ocpdocs.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/serverless/event_workflows/serverless-channels.html#serverless-create-kafka-channel-yaml_serverless-channels

So, if these are the wrong way round maybe this needs to be modified, but afaik this was the information that was given to me at the time when it was documented, and was SME and QE verified, so maybe you meant the `KafkaSource` in the comment above?

Reviewer: for installing the channel, we have to set the bootstrap server:
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/serverless/serverless-kafka.html

That's a global setting (for the channel).  Each instance of a `KafkaChannel` does not need the info.

That's correct

Author: Thanks for the feedback Matthias. This goes in line with what we see in the UI.

Ashleigh, the current mention of bootstrap servers for source and lack of it for channel makes sense. When creating a source, it does ask for bootstrap servers. However, when creating the channels, we don't need to specify it, as the bootstrap servers specification is borrowed from KnativeKafka setup.

Author: And, I implemented your version with the [IMPORTANT] note.
